# unique-psychographic-identifier
Psychographics is a methodology used to describe a person based on his psychological attributes. Psychographics have been applied to the study of personality, values, opinions, attitudes, interests, and lifestyles. Mainly IAO i.e., interests, attitude and opinions are main entities which can be used. Psychographics gains actionable information about what motivates the user. 
It is a method used to group prospective, current or previous customers by their shared personality traits, beliefs, values, attitudes, interests, and lifestyles and other factors. These characteristics may be observable or not.

Examples:
Lifestyle Based Segmentation.
Personality Based Segmentation.
Attitude Based Segmentation.
##Problem Statement

To design a universal psychographic identity program to help fans create their unique identity

Make a general survey on some domains.
Create a unique ID for every user based on the results obtained from the survey.
Create a generic website which contains information according to the user interests. The information in this website is segmented     based on the results of the survey.
Generated unique Id will be displayed along 	with the analysis of the survey table

###To generate universal identifier
Google form contains ‘6’ domains. Each domain has 4 questions. Every question has four options and each option has unique ‘2’ bit binary code. We will get ’8-bit’ binary code by combining all the  generated unique binary code from each question for the particular domain. Now we will divide 8-bit binary code as four 4-bit binary codes. For each 4-bit binary code we generate an appropriate ‘hexadecimal’ character. So each domain can be represented using two length hexa decimal. By combining all the characters that are generated by all domains we will get a ‘12’ length universal unique identifier.  This is the universal identifier which is used.

####Business plan

Company perspective:-
The unique id can be used by the companies for promoting their products by advertising them in particular sites that are used by their target users. In order to know what are the user interests like what are the social media platforms he is interested in, what type of food he likes, what e-commerce he prefers, what style he likes, how he thinks, etc. and many more of his IAO things by which company can understand what maximum users prefer int their domain. So, the company can understand in what domain their target users are mostly concentrated and see where they can get the maximum publicity for their product. Let’s say if more users are using X platform then company can invest on that platform for advertising their product.

 User perspective:-
When user wants to buy something then the results can be shown based upon his psychographics which can be extracted from the uniqueID of him. When the user tries to search to watch something then his preferences from his UID can also be added for enhancement of the options for his recommendation. So, this makes user more convenient to use the respective application and can help in increase in the application popularit


